Admin kubernetes content review5 #8361 ke (#591)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/administration/pages/kubernetes.adoc

Registration and authorization begins with importing a `kubeconfig` file using Kubernetes official command line tool ``kubectl``.

.Procedure: Registering a Kubernetes Cluster with {productname}

> . Select menu:Systems[Virtual Host Managers] from the main navigation menu of the {webui}.

Reviewer: I've been using the phrasing "In the {productname} {webui}, navigate to menu:foo[bar].

Author: thanke!

> . Expand the `Create` drop-down menu in the upper right corner and select [guimenu]``Kubernetes Cluster``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the [guimenu]``Create`` menu, select [guimenu]``Kubernetes Cluster``.
```

. Enter a label for the new virtual host manager.

> . Select the `kubeconfig` file that Contains the required data for the Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the `kubeconfig` file that contains the required data for the Kubernetes cluster.
```

See the following steps to find runtime data for images.

> . Select menu:Images[Image List] from the navigation menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the {productname} {webui}, navigate to menu:Images[Image List].
```

. In the image list table, the runtime columns are labeled ``Revision``, ``Runtime``, and ``Instances``.
Initially, these columns do not provide useful data.

** ``Revision``: An artificial sequence number that increments on every rebuild for manager-built images or on every re-import for externally built images.
** ``Runtime``: Overall status of the running instances of the image throughout the registered clusters.
The status can be one of the following:
*** _All instances are consistent with SUSE Manager_: All the running instances are running the same build of the image as tracked by {productname}.
*** _Outdated instances found_: Some of the instances are running an older build of the image.
A redeploy of the image into the pod may be required.
*** _No information_: The checksum of the instance image does not match the image data contained in {productname}.
A redeploy of the image into the pod may be required.
** ``Instances``: Number of instances running this image across all the clusters registered in {productname}.

> A breakdown of numbers can be seen by clicking the pop-up icon next to the number.

Reviewer: I don't understand the nesting here. If you're nesting three deep in a procedure, the procedure needs a re-write.

Author: Most of this probably belongs into the Reference guide.

Reviewer: Possibly. I think we should probably create an issue and follow up on this one. It's going to need more work than we can really do in this review.

Author: ok, committed a minor simplification.  Ready to be pushed.

The following steps will help you build an image for deployment in Kubernetes.

. Under menu:Images[Stores], create an image store.

> . Under menu:Images[Profiles], create an image profile (with a Dockerfile that is suitable to deploy to Kubernetes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In menu:Images[Profiles], create an image profile (with a Dockerfile that is suitable to deploy to Kubernetes).
```

. Select an image that has already been deployed to any of your registered Kubernetes clusters.
. Add the registry owning the image to SUSE Manager as an image store.
. Select menu:Images[Images] , click `Import` from the top-right corner, fill in the form fields and click ``Import``.

> . Notice the updated data in the `Runtime` and `Instances` columns in the respective image row.

Reviewer: This is a result, not a step.

Author: ok, ready to be pushed

The following steps will help you find additional runtime data.

> . Select menu:Images[Image List].

Reviewer: You navigate to a menu item. This and the next step should be together:

. Navigate to menu:{Image List], locate the row that contains the running instance, and click btn:[Details].

(or something)

Author: ok, ready to be merged

. Click the `Details` button on the right end of a row that has running instances.

> . Under the `Overview` tab, notice the data in `Runtime` and `Instances` fields under the `Image Info` section.

Reviewer: Again, this is a result, not a step.

Author: ok, combining with the preceding step.

. Select the `Runtime` tab.
. In the `Runtime` tab is a breakdown of the Kubernetes pods running this image in all the registered clusters including the following data:
+

** Pod name
** Namespace which the pod resides in
** The runtime status of the container in the specific pod.

> Status icons are explained in the next section.

Reviewer: For more about status icons, see

(one day I will eliminate all the directional language! Today is not that day ...)

Author: ok, thanks

[[at.rebuild.a.previously.deployed.image.in.kubernetes]]
== Rebuild a Previously Deployed Image in Kubernetes

> The following steps will guide you through rebuilding an image that has been deployed to a Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These steps will guide you through rebuilding an image that has been deployed to a Kubernetes cluster.
```

> . Go to menu:Images[Image List].

Reviewer: These two steps should be together (same as L125)

Author: ok

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Currently, only kubeconfig files containing all embedded certificate data may be used with {productname}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, only kubeconfig files containing all embedded certificate data can be used with {productname}.
```
